ok so I managed to go to aldi with my
children craziness I bought cheese a lot
of it which I never do but my husband
and I love to enjoy a little bree every
now and then and tonight we're having
some I got some cheddar just because my
son was with me and he asked and I
wanted to make some pizza so I got some
fresh mozzarella I got a five pound bag
of red and a five pound bag of gold
potatoes a little pistachios thing and
some organic Cheerios seventeen dollars
so I intended to take you guys with me
to microbial run but it was such a crazy
busy day I just did not have time so i
just want to show you what I got and how
much I spent I got some triscuits I got
some came long i got these crackers the
way for crackers which are our favorite
to eat with our brie cheese and i think
that's it for the pantry oh and i got
some bread flour and that's it for in
here I got some
Nana's and avocados and I got see
nothing in the fridge I don't think I
got a bunch of frozen peas green beans
lima beans cauliflower I got two packs
of organic chicken thighs and I got some
wild caught mahi mahi wild-caught
halibut and a big bag of wild caught
salmon
but you call it flour and stuff
in the fridge I don't think so so I did
buy a lot of stuff that was not on my
grocery list but that fish is gonna last
a long time that chickens gonna last a
long time so everything's come out to
118 which is more than I like to spend
but I had that I got cut off from a
phone call but um so yeah I spent 1 18
which is more than I usually spend but i
feel like i stalked my fridge up for a
good while so today 1 18 + 17 0 1 35 or
so and i didn't get to go to sams
because it was too busy of a day so i'll
try to go i need to get a few things
from there and then hopefully i can not
have to buy anything again for another
two weeks or so so my running total for
the month so far is 213 dollars